[Music]
i woke up in a barn
then i realized i was
dead neurological medication
oh that's what makes talking with ghosts
possible
you can see me what happened man
murdered
there's a bum hole i need your help
i'm gonna hunt the man responsible for
my death and take him down
would you give to have him back again i
didn't even make it in time to
say goodbye oh my god listen son there
are two feelings in this world that are
completely useless and one of them's
regret
i'm finishing this no tag come on man
with without you
you're seeing this through i'm seeing
this through um
[Music]
let's get to work i'm here
us you're looking so bad for your body
you can look amazing at your funeral
who are you i'm dane marbeck
and i can communicate with ghosts
i mean i know bradley put
hey man
you